---
title: My Football Team of the Year
date: 2024-01-10 11:11
categories: [blog, football-opinions]
tags: [football]
---

2023 has been a great year for football. We've seen some surprising transfers, including that of Ronaldo and Messi, which has left the world shocked.

Anyway, the end of every football year, EA allows us to make a Team of the Year or TOTY for short. I'm not sure about the previous years, but this year, TOTY players are being selected by a voting system. The players who get voted will be available as cards in EA's football games, EA FC and FC Mobile.

I'm choosing the players based on the value that they are giving their respective teams. I feel like that's a good way to select the winners. Although in some cases, I take the Games played to goal to assist ratio for some insights.

Here's my TOTY.

> This post contains only my opinions. Your opinions might differ and I respect them!
{: .prompt-info }

## Defence

### Goalkeeper

#### Marc-André ter Stegen

The German goalkeeper Marc-André ter Stegen who plays for Barcelona has had a wonderful year, having 6 clean sheets, playing 1,170 minutes. Moreover, you can see the difference he makes to Barcelona's defence. In ter Stegen's absence, you can feel the wobbly defence. A great keeper as well as a great leader, thus he gets my vote.

### Right-Back

#### Trent Alexander-Arnold

TAA is undoubtedly one of the best RBs in the world right now. The lad of 25 has done some great defending in the right, giving great value to Liverpool.

### Centre-Backs

#### Virgil van Dijk and Ruben Dias

TAA is being joined by his Liverpool teammate VVD. Along with VVD, is Man City's Ruben Dias. Both of them have given great defensive strength to their teams.

### Left-Back

#### Theo Hernandez

The 26 year old Frenchman has found his spot in the list of best LBs right now. Playing very well for AC Milan and controlling their left flank, he has had a great year.

## Midfield

### Right Centre-Mid

#### Pedri

Pedri is one of Barcelona's many young talents. He is an incredible midfielder at the age of 21, making fearless plays and scoring world-class goals, the Golden Boy winner gives Barcelona the needed value to control the midfield.

### Centre Defensive-Mid

#### Rodri

The 27 year old Rodri is a fantastic midfielder who likes to anchor. Rodri plays great box-to-box giving Man City chances while in the attack and defense while facing attacks. Many clubs dream of a player like Rodri!

### Left Centre-Mid

#### Jude Bellingham

Do I even have to anything about this 20 year-old absolute MAD LAD? Bellingham joined Real Madrid's squad and instantly brought value to the club's magical midfield. Bellingham is a goal-scoring machine, and I am not even exaggerating. Although Jude plays CM, it feels like he plays CAM or even SS. He finds a way to dribble, or pass, and bring the ball into the box, where he appears out of no where to score. He can score from inside the box as well as bangers from outside the box. His performance has been declared well against big clubs, and Jude doesn't disappoint. Jude won the 2023 Golden Boy award, which I would've been surprised if he didn't win. Real Madrid really got a good deal on Bellingham. He's got a big future ahead.

## Attack

### Right-Wing

#### Lionel Messi

The 36 year-old world cup winner played great with his friend Neymar at Paris Saint-Germain. In 32 games, he scored 16 goals and assisted 16. He made some great plays in Paris during his stay.

In the same year, he joined forces with Inter Miami in the United States and scored a beautiful last minute free-kick on his **debut** to give Miami the three talking points. Messi literally dragged the worst team in the MLS to one of the best. Messi's absence can be felt to anyone, even a new-born baby can see Inter Miami playing and note that the right-flank is facing some difficulties and play-making is being weird. Moreover, Messi won his 8th Ballon d'Or in 2023. A great year for the GOAT.

### Left-Wing

#### Rafael Leao

This is a controversial opinion. It's a tough choice between Kylian Mbappe and Rafael Leao, but I decided to give it to Leao. Let's take a look, Mbappe has had a crazy seaon, scoring 25 goals in 24 games and assisting 3. But let me address my honest opinion: Mbappe is playing in a farmers league. PSG have the best players and can easily score against the other teams. I just think Leao deserves my vote more, but Mbappe will most likely be the ultimate winner.

Leao has had a good season, giving good value to AC Milan. Scoring 5 goals in 22 games and assisting 6. This position has been the toughest for me, so I'd consider it a tie, but I voted for Leao for the system's sake. Both players have great potential.

### Striker

#### Harry Kane

Okay, hear me out. I think Kane deserves it. Haaland might've won a treble and scored a great amount of goals, but I'm going to give my vote to Harry Kane.

Harry Kane left the Spurs to join Bayern Munich in the German Bundesliga, and he's bringing in the value. He's scored 25 goals in 22 games and assisted 8, whereas Haaland scored 19 in 22 games and assisted 5. This has also been a tough choice, but I feel like Kane has been doing wonderful in Germany, and has given Bayern some good performances. So, he gets my vote.

---

So this is my Team of the Year, if you want, you can make on [EA's website](https://ea.com/toty).

I'm looking forward to this year in football, and I bet this is going to be one wonderful year in all regions.
